today we are doing a video on Lego world
war 2 land mines and how to make them
first up we have the Lego bouncing betty
it was used to take out personnel when
after you took your foot off right after
well a couple seconds after you took
your foot off of the prongs that stick
out of the ground it would launch up to
waist height and explode sending pellets
everywhere and ripping through you
second we have the teller mind which we
take out small vehicles like the Jeeps
with the 50 cals on them and the trucks
with the backing on the troop carrier
trucks and third and final we have the
anti-tank mine which would take out any
kind of large and small tanks also tank
anti-tank weapons like Topanga Yaga
which was German and was very bad for
the American army so this is or actually
you know I forgot to make this you need
a circular piece and a flat piece just
put them together for the bronzing buddy
just take a wrench in a can piece of any
color except clear then put them
together
tell a mind you need a circular piece of
any color except clear and put a stud of
any color except clear or any other type
of clear like the red or blue clear
this is well this is Legoland 98 signing
off